com/example/apitic/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/apitic/ManualHughesnet.java
 com.example.apitic.ManualHughesnet
 com.example.apitic.ManualHughesnet$1
 com.example.apitic.ManualHughesnet$2
 com.example.apitic.ManualHughesnet$3
 com.example.apitic.ManualHughesnet$VistaPDF
com/example/apitic/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/apitic/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.apitic.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/apitic/databinding/ActivityManualradiosBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.ActivityManualradiosBinding
com/example/apitic/ManualAP.java
 com.example.apitic.ManualAP
 com.example.apitic.ManualAP$1
 com.example.apitic.ManualAP$VistaPDF
com/example/apitic/ManualUPS.java
 com.example.apitic.ManualUPS
 com.example.apitic.ManualUPS$1
 com.example.apitic.ManualUPS$2
 com.example.apitic.ManualUPS$3
 com.example.apitic.ManualUPS$4
 com.example.apitic.ManualUPS$VistaPDF
com/example/apitic/databinding/ActivityManualupsBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.ActivityManualupsBinding
com/example/apitic/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.apitic.BuildConfig
com/example/apitic/ManualRadios.java
 com.example.apitic.ManualRadios
 com.example.apitic.ManualRadios$1
 com.example.apitic.ManualRadios$VistaPDF
com/example/apitic/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.apitic.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
com/example/apitic/Register.java
 com.example.apitic.Register
 com.example.apitic.Register$1
 com.example.apitic.Register$1$1
 com.example.apitic.Register$1$1$1
 com.example.apitic.Register$1$1$2
 com.example.apitic.Register$2
 com.example.apitic.Register$3
 com.example.apitic.Register$4
com/example/apitic/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/apitic/Login.java
 com.example.apitic.Login
 com.example.apitic.Login$1
 com.example.apitic.Login$1$1
 com.example.apitic.Login$2
 com.example.apitic.Login$3
 com.example.apitic.Login$4
 com.example.apitic.Login$4$1
 com.example.apitic.Login$4$1$1
 com.example.apitic.Login$4$1$2
 com.example.apitic.Login$4$2
com/example/apitic/databinding/ActivityManualapBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.ActivityManualapBinding
com/example/apitic/ui/home/DatePickerFragmentF.java
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.DatePickerFragmentF
com/example/apitic/databinding/ActivityManualhughesnetBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.ActivityManualhughesnetBinding
com/example/apitic/ui/manuales/ManualesFragment.java
 com.example.apitic.ui.manuales.ManualesFragment
com/example/apitic/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/apitic/DatePickerFragment.java
 com.example.apitic.DatePickerFragment
com/example/apitic/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/apitic/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/apitic/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/apitic/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/apitic/MainActivity.java
 com.example.apitic.MainActivity
com/example/apitic/ui/Tecnicos.java
 com.example.apitic.ui.Tecnicos
com/example/apitic/databinding/FragmentManualesBinding.java
 com.example.apitic.databinding.FragmentManualesBinding
com/example/apitic/ui/home/Home.java
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$1
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$2
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$2$1
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$2$1$1
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$3
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$3$1
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$3$1$1
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$4
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$4$1
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$4$1$1
 com.example.apitic.ui.home.Home$5
